okay the office tour that no one asked
for hey how's it going Dave Toodee here
and this is a tour of my office now this
isn't my studio this isn't where I shoot
my youtube videos normally it's actually
my home and this is like the office
space in my house now it's a very small
space this isn't like glamorous or
anything like that and it's very
functional
I didn't curate this scene to make it
look extra cool or anything this is
literally how I work originally this
room was meant to have two setups one
for my wife one for myself but because I
just have so much crap it ended up being
my office so right now we have to set up
let's start off with this one over here
this is the Mac setup I would say that
this is the one that I use the most
frequently when it comes to working on
YouTube stuff just because I like the
Mac OS system for just my personal use
so we have the ten core Mac Pro this is
a 2013 Mac Pro I would love to use the
iMac in here but it's just way too
expensive to really justify the cost for
myself and the big reason for me is I
much prefer the widescreen stuff when it
comes to content creation it's really
difficult for me to switch from
something wide like this to a regular
sixteen by nine panel that you see on
the iMac Pro this is running a ten core
CPU 64 gigs of ram and we have your
standard kind of Mac input devices the
Apple keyboard Apple trackpad and
actually this is not the Apple Mouse
this is the Logitech MX anywhere 2 s
great Mouse and this is something that
is just really clean really simple gets
the job done now in terms of the
accessories that I uses this thing I
don't have speakers on this thing so
this monitor the LG 30 at UC 99
fantastic monitor it has speakers
built-in so I often use that but if I
need something that's a little more
private I use ear pods with this
particular setup and we have a boost
ball for people that know anything about
adidas boost and then we have just a
standard 4 gigabyte backup drive that I
use this is a Bluetooth speaker from
Nixon not particularly great but I got
it for free I like it so I use it and
that basically wraps up this area no
there's one last thing
it's the Belkin wireless charging pad
which I use if I'm using the
ten in this area the tables are desks
whatever you want to call these things
they are from West Elm I forget the name
I'll find the link and put it in the
video description I'll link all the
stuff in the video description if you
guys are interested okay moving along we
have the PC setup now I purposefully
chose to my PC set of people
that follow my channel know that I lack
self-control when it comes to playing
games so this thing is a powerful PC for
video editing but the thing is those
devices are often very good for playing
games I feel like I've had gaming
peripherals this thing would not be used
for work very much I would just be
playing games all the time so what I've
done is actually have wireless keyboard
and a wireless mouse and these
peripherals are actually great for just
regular work and productivity but
they're not ideal for playing games and
when I do play games like I don't try to
play competitively on these so this is
the drive Oh caliber keyboard great
wireless keyboard RGB backlighting with
switchable key caps and these are the
cyan key caps from GM k and we have the
MX master 2 SMS so these devices are
great for a Productivity just what I
want to do with this thing but they
aren't perfect for competitive gaming so
the mousepad
is a SteelSeries white mouse pad and the
pc itself if you've seen my older video
on the hype beast supreme pc this is
that machine but I've stripped the red
paint because it was just getting a
little too obnoxious and again I did
that PC for fun I'm not like huge on
supreme but it's cleaned up a little bit
there are some parts that I couldn't
remove the paint as cleanly but I really
like this case it's the Loki ghost s1
case and I just decided to use that for
this particular setup ok the monitor is
an alienware 34 inch curved screen the
reason why I'm using this monitor is
that it's 120 Hertz g-sync it's a
fantastic gaming monitor but it's also
one of the few gaming waters that are
super super color accurate this thing's
basically is color accurate as any
monitor that our own for content
creation so to round up this area we
have a backup drive this is the Seagate
8 terabyte drive I really like this
thing one cable no AC adapter the USB C
plugs up right to your PC or your laptop
or your Mac whatever and single cable
backup ps4 which I occasionally use
input into this thing and this is I've
never actually done a video on this
thing but this is a MIDI fighter 64 from
DJ tech tools you've probably seen
videos from like Sean
Xabi that have done some crazy stuff
with this I picked this up to just have
fun with it and potentially make some
music for intros and stuff like that but
haven't gone around to doing much with
it yes okay if you'll notice neither of
these setups actually have speakers so
I'm actually running wireless headphones
on both so you saw the air pods on that
and this one I'm running the B&O
wireless headphones what you use for
video editing and some casual gaming
it's some nice wireless headphones okay
moving along I did it for you anything
here No okay moving along backpack I'll
probably do a video like a what's in my
backpack video in the future but moving
on to this side so this area here is
where I do like charging I guess it's
not really a charging area but I just
place my phones here and other devices
that need to be charged so the phones
I'm using right now we have the pixel to
XL the one plus 5t and the iphone 10 if
I had to choose one that I use the most
frequently right now is probably iPhone
10 just goes my family and friends most
of them are on iOS we have batteries so
the battery packs that I'm using right
now are Ankur battery packs this doesn't
sponsor anything they're literally the
ones that I've purchased both of these
they're both pretty beefy ones 20,000
milliamps the others 10,000 milliamps
and the bigger ones it capable of
charging laptops and stuff because it
has power delivery which is pretty cool
we have Nintendo switch which to be
honest I don't use that much very often
the last thing was room I guess I think
this is the last piece it's the Google
home Mini so this is something that I've
grown to like more and more over time
it's just a really simple $50 device
that gives you home automation and just
assistant features and stuff like that
it's pretty cool that basically wraps it
up I should know what to chairs so
there's two chairs in here these are
there okay I got to be honest they look
really cool but they're not for everyone
because they are very stiff they're not
like super comfortable chairs these are
from a company called pentatonix and
it's called the air tool but what makes
these chair special is that the entire
chair is made from recycled materials so
I kind of feel a little bit better about
myself using them and that basically
wraps it up this is the office tour of
my house ok thanks for watching hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs you liked
it subs of you loves it
see you guys next time